---
title: Basketball
permalink: /cca/Sports-and-Games/bball/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sports & Games
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>Basketball</h2><h4>About</h4><p>In Jurongville , we inculcate our basketball players in Jurongville to have the passion, integrity and discipline. Over the years, our cca has grown from strength to strength and we see the synergy and a strong sense of camaraderie being developed. These are what we see and envision in our basketball boys.</p><p>2021 has been a year of ups and downs for the Jurongville Basketball Team. Training started early this year with well-rounded and experienced teams mentoring the younger players. The team put up a good fight and received many praises from their opponents as a formidable team with good sportsmanship in all the matches.</p><p>Our teams have continued to train on their own and adapt to the new training formats such as e-CCA training through video-conferencing and small group training sessions throughout the latter half of the year because of COVID-19.</p><h4>CCA Photo</h4><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="569" width="960" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vR2dNfXKNloPTLou1cqiBCvn6v1ljG_fyO7XXBlQx1KOwqy5JKd8by5XbCXYQhSgUg_Lstxobwdx7tw/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=5000"></iframe></div><h4>Student Leaders</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Name</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Appointment</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Class</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Noah Nabisuk Simanjuntak</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>B Division Boys’ Captain</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3DP</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Vairamani Habhinesh</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>C Division Boys’ Captain</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2EM</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Min Khant</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>B Division Boys’ Vice-Captain</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3EM</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Lim Zong Yi, Lucas</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>C Division Boys’ Vice-Captain</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2DP</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Key Achievements</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>JVS</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2020 Participated in the B Division West Zone Championships (Defeated Bukit Panjang Government High for the first time in school history)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2017 First Runner-up for ActiveSG-BAS Basketball Development League</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Students' voices</h4><p><strong>Noah Nabisuk Simanjuntak (3DP), B Division Boys’ Captain:</strong> <br><em>Some of the values basketball have taught me is the importance of perseverance and integrity. Even with the pandemic, we have to persevere and have integrity so that we won't cheat ourselves during training when no one's around. As the captain, I've also learnt to be more conscious of my actions and behaviour as I am a role model to my teammates.</em></p><p><strong>Vairamani Habhinesh (2EM), C Division Boys’ Captain:</strong> <br><em>Being in the basketball CCA has helped me to a better leader and help my teammates to get better at basketball. Even though due to COVID-19, we were not able to play matches with other school. Our chemistry with each other has improved and I am thankful for it as we will be more bonded with each other and be the best team.</em></p><p><strong>Min Khant (3EM), B Division Boys’ Vice-Captain:</strong> <br><em>Joining the Basketball CCA has taught me values that i apply in court and in the classroom. I have learnt to be disciplined and hardworking through many training sessions and experiences in basketball. I encourage my teammates and juniors to do their best regardless in court or academically.</em></p><p><strong>Lim Zong Yi, Lucas (2DP), C Division Boys’ Vice-Captain:</strong> <br><em>Ever since joining Basketball CCA I have learnt many important values like teamwork, perseverance, and sportsmanship. I have also learnt how to find ways to improve myself not just in basketball but also academically. Values such as self-discipline, determination, and teamwork can only be achieved by a sport like basketball.</em></p><h4>Training Schedule</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Tuesday 3:45pm - 5:45pm<br></p></li><li><p>Friday 3:00pm - 5:00pm</p></li></ul><p></p>