---
title: Netball
permalink: /cca/Sports-and-Games/netball/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sports & Games
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>Netball</h2><h4>About</h4><p>Netball is a very popular and competitive sport in Singapore and in Jurongville, our girls are all determined and passionate to play against other worthy opponents from the West Zone schools. Tenacity is also much needed when we are doing the routine physical training to level up our skills.</p><p>Though we did not manage to compete in the zonal competition this year due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the girls kept up with their stamina through synchronous workouts during e-CCA. In addition, the girls encouraged each other to do their own runs during the circuit breaker period to keep their spirits up.</p><p>Reflection is a powerful tool that the coach and teachers use to encourage the girls to learn and improve themselves. We will continually work together in our teams to achieve our goals.</p><h4>CCA Photo</h4><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="569" width="960" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vSy2QY5EYzWwwA7SFK1ngKUwXs7rx-tMu_EmdeBIUX6kSN5Qw7UM3xMwoKdNxwq5hegG18pzy2Q8etG/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=5000"></iframe></div><h4>Student Leaders</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Name</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Appointment</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Class</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Siti Nur Aishah Binte Ishak</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Captain (B Division)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3RP</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ng Wan Qing</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Vice-Captain&nbsp; (B Division)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3RS</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Lovelle Cho Rui Tian</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Captain (C Division)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2DP</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Nurul Lisziani Binte Mohamad Rashid</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Vice-Captain (C Division)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2RS</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Key Achievements</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>JVS</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2019 Participated in the B Div NSG Zonal Championships (disrupted due to Covid-19)</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Students' voices</h4><p><strong>Cheong Yi Tong, Lenny (4EM), B Division Captain (former):</strong>&nbsp;<br><em>What I value most about my Netball CCA is the strong determination we have. We played every game as if it was our last. Our support for each other on and off the court creates a bond that makes every netball training session memorable and fun.</em></p><p><strong>Siti Nur Aishah Binte Ishak (3RP), B Division Captain:</strong><br><em>One thing I like about netball is that my teammates help me to be better in my skills as they are very supportive and they enrich my learning in netball. My teammates are also my source of motivation as they push me to my limits. In addition, the strong bond that we have helps us develop good teamwork on the court.</em></p><p><strong>Cherlisa Lee (4DP), B Division:</strong><br><em>It has been a tough yet enriching netball experience throughout these three years. Netball has taught me dedication, perseverance and discipline in every aspect of life and has made me a better person overall. Not only that, it has also equipped me with better communication and social skills which I am thankful for.</em>&nbsp;</p><h4>Training Schedule</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Tuesday 3:45pm - 5:45pm<br></p></li><li><p>Friday 1:00pm - 3:00pm</p></li></ul><p></p>