---
title: JVS PLD Initiative 2024
permalink: /student-information/jvspld/jvspld/
description: ""
third_nav_title: JVS PLD Initiative 2024
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>JVS PLD Initiative 2024</h2><h4>A Part of the National Digital Literacy Programme (NDLP)</h4><h5>Our Vision for Learning</h5><p>Jurongville aims to be a vibrant and nurturing community of passionate and resilient learners. Through NDLP, we will leverage technology to help us get there.</p><p>When our teachers skillfully design lessons that integrate technology meaningfully, we believe that our students will&nbsp;</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Learn more actively</p></li><li><p>Think more Critically and Creatively</p></li><li><p>Experience more joy and success at learning.</p></li></ul><p>At the broader level, the wider and deeper use of technology in learning will better prepare our students for the post-COVID world. Our students will be expected to have good digital skills, and to use those skills confidently and competently at work and in life.</p><p>At the same time, we would also need to equip our students with the ability to manage their usage of devices, so that they remain in control of the ‘machines’, rather than the other way round. Their personal well-being will be enhanced through greater emphasis on Cyberwellness next year.</p><h5>Parent Engagement</h5><p>We will be inviting Sec 1 Parents in Jan 2024 to a parent engagement session where we will be sharing&nbsp; on this important change in the way students learn in school.</p><p>In the meantime, if there are any further updates, we will alert parents through Parents’ Gateway and publish them on the school’s website.</p><h5>JVS PLD Initiative Parent Engagement Session</h5><p>1 . Presentation slides<br></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="/files/JVS_IP2_Parent_Engagement_Deck_2024.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">JVS_IP2_Parent_Engagement_Deck_2024</a>{:target="_blank"}</p></li></ul><p>2 . Specifications for Chrome Book for 2024 will be announced during the parent engagement session.</p><p>3 . Click the link below to proceed to register for the PLDs.<br></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="https://go.gov.sg/pdlpadmin" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Pdlpadmin</a>{:target="_blank"}</p></li></ul><p>4 . Please refer to the links below for more information<br></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="/files/IP2___Parent_Handbook_I_on_Learning_with_a_PLD.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">IP2 - Parent Handbook I on Learning with a PLD.pdf</a>{:target="_blank"}<br></p></li><li><p><a href="/files/IP3___Parent_Handbook_II_on_Learning_with_a_PLD.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">IP3 - Parent Handbook II on Learning with a PLD.pdf</a>{:target="_blank"}<br></p></li><li><p><a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atVkNBXMVnY" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Student's Experience</a>{:target="_blank"}<br></p></li><li><p><a href="https://go.gov.sg/parent-voxpop-1" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Parents Voices</a>{:target="_blank"}</p></li></ul><p>5 . Students' PLD DMA Control<br></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>All students' PLD will be under Default Option (refer to Presentation slides page 13)</p></li><li><p>Parents/Guardian control after school hours (Email/Whatsapp with op-in Option A to <a href="/student-information/class-mentors-2023/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Class Mentor</a> with parent's email)</p></li><li><p><a href="/files/e-DMA-Parent-Guide-v2.0-Option-A-Chrome-OS.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Parents/Guardian control guideline (Option A)</a>{:target="_blank"}</p></li></ul><h5>Support</h5><p>PLD@Library<br>1 . Student's can proceed to the PLD corner in the library for technical support at the following timings:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Monday to Friday (Except Public and School Holidays), 2:30pm to 3:30pm</p></li><li><p>Students can contact the school general office to make arrangements during school holidays.</p></li></ul><p>Service Center<br><strong>Lenovo Service Centre @ Tai Seng Centre, SmartCares Solutions</strong><br>3 Irving Road, #01-17 Singapore 369522 (Beside Tai Seng MRT station, Exit A)<br>#03-19/20 Singapore 179097<br>Working Hours :Monday – Friday 11:00am – 7:00pm (closed on Sunday and Public Holidays)<br>Tel: 68714838 Email: <a href="mailto:lenovo@smartcares.com" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">lenovo@smartcares.com</a><br>Pre-Registration (For Faster Service/Drop-off): <a href="https://smartcares.com/lenovo" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://smartcares.com/lenovo</a>{:target="_blank"}</p><p><strong>Acer Computer (Singapore) Pte Ltd</strong><br>29 International Business Park #01-07, Acer Building, Tower A, 609923<br>Service Centre Tel: 68956297<br>Contact Centre Tel: 1800 8956299<br>Email: <a href="mailto:acercare.sg@acer.com" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">acercare.sg@acer.com</a></p><h5>Acceptable Use Policy (AUP)</h5><p>Click here for more information. (To be updated)</p>