---
title: Girl Guides
permalink: /cca/Uniformed-Groups/gg/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Uniformed Groups
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>Girl Guides</h2><h4>About</h4><p>In line with Girl Guides Singapore’s mission to enable girls and young women to develop their fullest potential as responsible citizens of the world, the Jurongville Girl Guides (1st Company) programme strives to provide a structured and holistic learning experience for every student.</p><p>In 2021, the Jurongville Girl Guides also took part in a series of activities as part of this year’s World Thinking Day celebrations aligned to the theme of ‘SDGs x Peacebuilding’. A central focus of Girl Guides Singapore, the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) are the responsibility of every global citizen. A group of Girl Guides spearheaded an environmental sustainability project to encourage their schoolmates to adopt environmentally-friendly habits by recycling one-use plastic bottles. Another group of Guides also collaborated with the Secondary 1 Peer Support Leaders to conduct a series of lessons on cyberwellness during CCE periods.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>Throughout the past two years, the Guides have displayed their resilience and resourcefulness by modifying training sessions and adapting virtual tools such as videos to demonstrate footdrills and commands as the world continued to battle the Covid-19 pandemic. The girls also carried on with their learning for the 5-Point Programme through the online portal, GuidingLIGHT, and embarked on a special edition badge, the Olympia Badge, aligned with the Tokyo 2020 Olympics Games. When face-to-face CCA sessions resumed, the girls embarked on a myriad of activities such as outdoor cooking, tent-pitching, and Free Being Me sessions, a body positivity programme in conjunction with Dove.&nbsp;</p><p>An international movement, Girl Guiding remains committed to honing every girl’s global awareness and sense of place in the/her world. It is hoped that every Girl Guide develops empathy and ingenuity, steps out of her comfort zone, and ultimately rises up to meet the challenges of the VUCA world.</p><p><em>P.S. The Puan Noor Aishah Award was discontinued for one year in 2020 due to the disruptions created by the pandemic.</em></p><h4>CCA Photo</h4><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="569" width="960" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vTly6jQ8uV_WYdvufBmUS5ZK4bK7omlSZuMkf-Ynk3T6sCY3Qkg980AHaXTSZVuIe5_F5xrMZcWwNml/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=5000"></iframe></div><h4>Student Leaders</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Name</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Appointment</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Class</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Violet Ng Shi En</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Company Leader</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3EM</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Lau Xin Yu</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Assistant Company Leader</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3IN</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Farah Nadia Binte Badrolizam</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Assistant Company Leader</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3RP</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Key Achievements</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>JVS</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2019 Puan Noor Aishah Award: Gold</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2018 Puan Noor Aishah Award: Gold</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2017 Puan Noor Aishah Award: Gold</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2016 Puan Noor Aishah Award: Gold</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2015 Puan Noor Aishah Award: Gold</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Students' voices</h4><p><strong>Ng Choi Yin (4E1), Company Leader (2019-2020):</strong> <br><em>As a Girl Guide, I've experienced many things I probably wouldn't have if I had joined another CCA. From annual campfires, new adventures, to learning new skills and developing those that I presently have, I will always cherish these memories created and the impressions we've left behind. I developed many important life skills including the ability to communicate with others effectively, how to be a better person and how to compromise with others in difficult situations.<br>To my juniors, I hope you'll continue on your path of self-discovery, be prepared in all that you do, and be empowered by the Guiding Light.</em></p><p><strong>Jalina Chuang Tze Na (4E1), Assistant Company Leader (2019-2020):</strong><br><em>I’ve learnt so much throughout my Guiding journey and made a lot of new friends along the way, whom I call sisters now. I got to hone my leadership skills, improving myself each time I went for CCA and even became more empathetic towards my peers. Although it was tiring leading the Company for 3 hours straight, I still enjoyed being with my friends and doing activities with them.<br>To my juniors, I hope all of you can strive to make JVGG a better place for all Guides. I believe all of you can do it. All the best, girls!</em></p><h4>Training Schedule</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Friday 2:00pm - 5:00pm</p></li></ul><p></p>