---
title: NCC
permalink: /cca/Uniformed-Groups/ncc/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Uniformed Groups
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>NCC</h2><p><strong>National Cadet Corps (NCC) Land</strong></p><h4>About</h4><p>The mission of the National Cadet Corps (NCC) is to nurture inspiring leaders and committed citizens through fun, adventurous and military-related activities.</p><p>As part of the Cadet Strong framework, cadets develop a resilient mind through rigorous training sessions. This is done through NCC events such as Camp Forge and Camp Steel, where they surmounted obstacles courses and learnt orienteering skills and individual fieldcraft. Through these sessions, the cadets gained the confidence to take on challenges and learn from failures. Cadets are also given opportunities to develop essential skills through first aid courses and partnership projects with the community. These hone their sense of purpose through serving others.</p><p>Despite the difficulties faced during the pandemic, the cadet leaders stepped up to the challenge. They persevered in conducting engaging training sessions to help develop their juniors, such as online Total Defence sessions and recording tutorial videos on how to don the NCC uniform. These efforts reflected their resilience in developing a sense of belonging in every NCC cadet.</p><p>Having attained the Distinction award for the Unit Recognition in 2019, the unit remains committed to achieving greater heights in the years ahead. To serve with pride and dedication, NCC!</p><h4>CCA Photo</h4><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="569" width="960" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vRgF5_kcueeVU_M-xWfmt0z3nyLF41vSOR8V570L9r9ipKxIwrCLse_jExIcbosEJwhAeuGgVMMYth3/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=5000"></iframe></div><h4>Student Leaders</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Name</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Appointment</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Class</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Muhammad Nur Hafiy Bin Khairul Sham</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Unit Sergeant Major</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3RP</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chua Ming Yang</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Assistant Unit Sergeant Major</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3DP</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Key Achievements</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>JVS</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2019 NCC Unit Recognition: Distinction</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2018 NCC Unit Recognition: Distinction</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Students' voices</h4><p><strong>Muhammad Nur Hafiy Bin Khairul Sham (3Respect) , Unit Sergeant Major (2021):</strong><br><em>The restrictions this year have been tough for us and many of our activities were interrupted. With the help of our teachers and batchmates, we persevered and did our best to make activities meaningful for our unit. Learning was made fun through online sessions, Total Defence presentations and even submitting our military drill video projects electronically!</em><br><em>I am hopeful for future where we can resume our NCC activities as per normal. To my fellow cadets, remember that not everything will always go as planned, but don't let that stop you from achieving your goals. To serve with pride and dedication!</em></p><p><strong>Peck Zander (2Respect), Senior Cadet (2021):</strong><br><em>Whenever I put on my NCC uniform, I feel proud as I am learning to serve my country. I also learnt one very important thing in NCC which is, ‘One for all, all for one.’ This was possible through the exemplary leadership shown by my seniors. The training sessions have improved my character and I found myself applying the NCC core values in other aspects of my life. I hope that my seniors will continue to patiently guide and teach me in NCC and that I may one day inspire others as well.</em></p><h4>Training Schedule</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Friday 3:45pm - 5:45pm</p></li></ul><p></p>