---
title: NPCC
permalink: /cca/Uniformed-Groups/npcc/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Uniformed Groups
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>NPCC</h2><h4>About</h4><p>The NPCC is the only uniformed youth organisation affiliated to the Singapore Police Force. It provides our cadets with unique experiences that expose them to national crime prevention efforts. Values such as self-discipline, integrity and civic-consciousness are instilled in our cadets through the myriad of activities organised by NPCC HQ.</p><p>Due to the Covid-19 situation, we have reduced number of face-to-face sessions and shifted our Campcraft and Footdrills trainings online for our cadets. Our Sec 2 and 3 cadets also participated in the Community Safety and Security Programme (CSSP) and Police Youth Ambassador (PYA) Programme as they continue to engage our community in the spread of crime prevention messages during the pandemic. As Unit leaders, the Sec 3 cadets organised the E-Passing Out Ceremony (E-POC) and Unit training / bonding sessions using online platforms to continue to hone their leadership skills.</p><p>JVS NPCC attained Silver for the Unit Overall Proficiency Award. This reflects the unwavering dedication of our Teacher Officers and Cadet Leader Volunteers for being instrumental in developing our cadets into responsible young adults.</p><h4>CCA Photo</h4><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="569" width="960" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQeYDjIFI0jYbHMa8ewvoc3wVr3D7Ws1wqBrdBp7nKZ0dv32GALh9xdrY2tn54K5iCI6zH-5jWYzsBM/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=5000"></iframe></div><h4>Student Leaders</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Name</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Appointment</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Class</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>HANY NAYLI BINTE HAIRIL ALI</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chairperson</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3RP</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NIJAM MOHIDEEN HARDIANA</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Vice Chairperson</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3EM</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Key Achievements</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>JVS</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2019&nbsp;Unit Overall Proficiency Award: Silver</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Students’ voices</h4><p><strong>SGT(NPCC) Hany Nayli Binte Hairil Ali (3RP), Chairperson (2021 - 2022):</strong><br>Being part of NPCC was one of my most memorable experiences in secondary school. When I first started, I was very shy and lacked the confidence. NPCC has nurtured me to my fullest potential which I am grateful for. I formed many great bonds with my squad mates and attained many values such as resilience and discipline. The courses were very beneficial and I can apply the values I learnt in my daily life. I was given the honour to be Chairperson of Jurongville NPCC which was very surprising as I didn’t expect that I have come this far too. I am proud that my NPCC experience in Jurongville Sec is one of my greatest accomplishments of all time.</p><p><strong>SGT(NPCC) Nijam Mohideen Hardiana(3EM), Vice-Chairperson (2021 - 2022):</strong> <br>Joining JVS NPCC has taught me a lot of skills and I gained experiences that will allow me to harness what I want to be in the future. I have always wanted to be part of the Singapore Police Force since I was 4 years old. I was interested in how they keep Singapore and the citizens safe. JVS NPCC provided me many opportunities to learn how the SPF is able to do their duties diligently. Activities like Crime Scene Investigation Courses and the PYA project have allowed me to obtain certain skills that I can use so that I can become what I aspire to be in the future.</p><p><strong>SGT(NPCC) Ghoshal Adira (3IN), Welfare IC (2021 - 2022):</strong> <br><em>Joining JVS NPCC has been a very enlightening and fun experience for me. I remember when I first joined the CCA, I was scared. As time went by, I realised how close knit everyone was. The teachers and seniors made me feel very comfortable and learning alongside my seniors taught me values like discipline and perseverance. NPCC provided many opportunities for me to grow and learn many new skills, skills that would be highly beneficial to me in the future. There was never a dull moment in JVS NPCC and I am forever grateful for all that they have done for me.</em></p><p><strong>SGT(NPCC) Selina Ibrahim (3DP), Media IC (2021 - 2022):</strong> <br><em>NPCC has been a great experience for me. I learnt many new life skills and other skills like teamwork and working together as a squad. NPCC has allowed me to come out of my comfort zone and overcome my social anxiety. I really hope that this learning can continue!</em></p><h4>Training Schedule</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Friday 2:30pm - 5:00pm</p></li></ul><p></p>