---
title: Chinese Orchestra
permalink: /cca/Performing-and-Visual-Arts/co/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Performing & Visual Arts
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>Chinese Orchestra</h2><h4>About</h4><p>Chinese Orchestra is not just a CCA, but a family that leaves a lasting impression on you for life. In CO, we partake in a palette of experiences and emotions. We will go through many ups and downs, and when we do fall, we work hard to come back up higher than ever.</p><p>During our annual recruitment, we managed to attract many Sec 1s to join us. A promising start ushered in a positive highlight, when we bagged the Certificate of Distinction at Singapore Youth Festival after an arduous period of rigorous practices. Coming off the high of our stunning achievement, it was apt for us to give back to the community by performing both in school and in public at the National Day Carnival &amp; PassionArts Festival.</p><p>As the year moved on, it was time for us to bid farewell to our Sec 4s, and for the Sec 3s to take over leadership of the orchestra. Tearful goodbyes aside, this farewell is a poignant reminder for us to take solace in the fond memories and tight bonds we have once shared.</p><p>So what are you waiting for? Chinese Orchestra is the place for you. Join us and embark on the journey of your lifetime!</p><h4>CCA Photos</h4><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="569" width="960" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQnZKf9Tqqr-Xi21liN21db5xta_YCcD-zrhDhACsHZLAAL-pVvU3Td7wkWSNp8xyNIKjyzNCOxXytf/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=5000"></iframe></div><p><br></p><h4>Student Leaders</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Name</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Appointment</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Class</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Odelia Jane Seet Ming Yue</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>President</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4RP</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chloe Tang Wei Xin</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Vice-President</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4DP</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Pua Xuan Kai</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Vice-President</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4RP</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Aw Yong Chen Mei Shermaine</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Secretary</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4DP</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Felicia Han Huai Xuan</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Welfare</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4EM</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Lim Jiang Wei, Darrian</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Librarian</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4DP</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ngu Yi Jeanne</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Section Leader (Cello/Bass)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4IN</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chow Wing Han Kelly</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Section Leader (Huqin)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4IN</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Tang Yan Fei</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Section Leader (Percussion &amp; Woodwind)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4IN</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Sarah Tan Joe Ja</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Section Leader (Plucked Strings)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4EM</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Key Achievements and Activities</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>JVS</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2023 Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation: Certificate of Distinction</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2021 Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation: Certificate of Accomplishment</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2019 Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation: Certificate of Distinction</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2017&nbsp;Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation: Certificate of Accomplishment</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Students’ voices</h4><p><strong>Odelia Jane Seet Ming Yue (4RP), President</strong><br><em>“Although I have already learned how to play a couple of instruments before joining Chinese Orchestra, my learning didn’t stagnate here. I have moved on to learn what it meant to lead a big group of people of similar age. Throughout my entire journey of being in CO, I have made friends and built relationships from Sec 1 to Sec 4. To be placed in charge is a privilege, especially since I'm only 15. As my juniors rise up to lead, I hope that they can learn to cherish every moment in CO.”</em></p><p><strong>Chloe Tang Wei Xin (4DP), Vice-President</strong><br><em>“Throughout the years of joining Chinese Orchestra, not only have I learnt to play an instrument, I have also learnt the importance of teamwork in an orchestra. After joining CO, I realized that I became more comfortable with public speaking and I also became more confident by taking the initiative and helping others in the orchestra. I have also made many new friends and created many unforgettable bonds with others, regardless of seniority. To my juniors, continue to work together and don’t ever give up. Believe in yourselves!”</em></p><p><strong>Aw Yong Chen Mei Shermaine (4DP), Secretary</strong><br><em>“By joining Chinese Orchestra, not only did I learn a new instrument and advance my skills, I also learnt to persevere through challenging times such as when a performance was coming up or when there was Singapore Youth Festival. I have no regrets joining CO, as it has allowed me to create fond memories and bonded friendships with CCA mates from various levels that I will definitely cherish forever. To my dear juniors, I hope you will continue to enjoy your time in CO and remember to strive through the hard times together as one orchestra.”</em></p><h4>Training Schedule</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Tuesday 3:45pm - 5:45pm<br></p></li><li><p>Friday 2:00pm - 4:00pm</p></li></ul><p></p>