---
title: Concert Band
permalink: /cca/Performing-and-Visual-Arts/cb/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Performing & Visual Arts
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>Concert Band</h2><h4>About</h4><p>Established at the inception of Jurongville Secondary School, the Jurongville Concert Band strives to discover the unique strengths of each and every one of our band members and maximise their musical potential.</p><p>Unafraid of new challenges and constraints, our band members, instructors and teachers worked together in proposing and trying various solutions to continue band practices in line with the safe management measures. Driven by their love for music, band members showed their flexibility and resilience in overcoming the odds by staying united online and offline despite the limitations for band practices.</p><p>A highlight event of the year 2021 was the band’s participation in Singapore Youth Festival (SYF). Exuding both confidence and pride, our band members impressed the audience with their stellar performance at the SYF Arts Presentation held in April 2021. Their concerted effort, dedication and determination enabled them to put up a splendid performance that won the hearts and praises of the adjudication and teachers.</p><h4>CCA Photo &amp; Video</h4><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="569" width="960" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vSfU2YAHE5ov46_TRLIufQ92l_CgsQd-zTBaE3b-3F-tn0_KnYOy3vZjm4Qb3ays280yXPtw2AvSpnA/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=5000"></iframe></div><p><br></p><h4>Student Leaders</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Name</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Appointment</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Class</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Muhammad Zahirulhaq Bin Mohamed Hazimin</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Band Major</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2EM</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Seth Yoe Jun Bin</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Band Major</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3EM</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Key Achievements</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>JVS</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2021 Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation: Certificate of Accomplishment</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2019 Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation: Certificate of Accomplishment</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2017&nbsp;Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation: Certificate of Accomplishment</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Students' voices</h4><p><strong>Muhammad Zahirulhaq (2EM), Band Major</strong> <br><em>So far, in my experience of 2 years in Concert Band here in Jurongville Secondary School, it has been a journey full of fun and new experiences. I had the opportunity to know more about the band and the members and have forged a close bond with them along with the teachers and instructors who have taught me important lessons in both music and values like responsibility, discipline and respect. The band managed to learn new knowledge and have fun together in spite of the pandemic. It was not easy but we progressed and went through it together as a band and that was a really wonderful experience. Seeing people in band from different backgrounds coming together with a mix of different personalities makes the atmosphere in band very lively and vibrant. I really enjoy my band experience and hope to learn more in the future.</em></p><p><strong>Seth Yoe (3EM), Band Major</strong> <br><em>Throughout my years in band, I have gone through many ups and downs, especially this year due to the pandemic. It has impacted all of us one way or another. For me, it has been challenging as there were fewer combined band sessions compared to previous years. However, I have learnt to persevere during this time. As band members, we stayed united and rode out the storm together. Our continuous efforts paid off with our SYF achievement. I hope that our juniors will learn to not give up easily and try our very best in doing everything. I would also like to thank my instructors and teachers for guiding the band. If we persevere, we will definitely succeed.</em></p><h4>Training Schedule</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Tuesday 3:45pm - 5:45pm<br></p></li><li><p>Friday 2:30pm - 4:30pm</p></li></ul><p></p>