---
title: English Drama Club
permalink: /cca/Performing-and-Visual-Arts/edc/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Performing & Visual Arts
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>English Drama Club</h2><h4>About</h4><p>A full theatre experience awaits members of the English Drama Club. All members will receive training in the different aspects of stagecraft - on-stage performance, backstage management, or technical support. They are encouraged to try everything until they find the aspect they enjoy the most; then, they will often opt to specialise in that single aspect during any major performance.</p><p>This year our members participated in the Singapore Youth Festival (SYF) Arts Presentation, a biennial event, and were awarded with a Certificate of Accomplishment. It was an opportunity for our Secondary One members to experience theatre at this level, having only been a few months into the Club. Our new members had to cope with a steep learning curve as they learned the various aspects of stagecraft to be a part of this competition. Our more senior members had the opportunity to further hone their theatre skills, especially on a platform as large-scale and far-reaching as this. The final achievement marked the closure of a satisfying and meaningful learning journey for them, during which they gained much experience and forged strong friendships.</p><p>This year, our students have continued to adapt to the ever-changing climate that is the theatre scene in the midst of a pandemic. They have proven their mettle, displaying strength of mind, character and spirit in the face of constant changes. We will continue to encourage, educate and inspire our members as they progress through this journey of theatrical discovery. As their confidence as performers and crew increases, we hope this same confidence will serve them well, even long after they have graduated from Jurongville Secondary School!</p><h4>CCA Photo and Video</h4><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="569" width="960" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vSZbtK3bXVUnsjpRihJ3uwF5rWgfRe1Cr60B4UyVNR4bBKW3cR-OD5ie3tIEa3zmVsdVkAoSeUM1Ctu/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=5000"></iframe></div><p><br></p><h4>Student Leaders</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Name</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Appointment</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Class</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Parthasarathy Vaideghi Pavithran</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>President</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3IN</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Saw Joshua Hla</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Vice-President 1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3DP</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Yee En Tong</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Vice-President 2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2RP</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Key Achievements</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>JVS</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2021 Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation: Certificate of Accomplishment</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2019 Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation: Certificate of Commendation</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2017 Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation: Certificate of Accomplishment</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2015 Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation:&nbsp;Certificate of Distinction</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Students' voices</h4><p><strong>Saw Joshua Hla (3DP) &amp; Yee En Tong (2RS), Vice-Presidents 1 &amp; 2 2021-2022</strong> <br><em>COVID-19 has resulted in our CCA having to follow strict rules and regulations to ensure the safety of all members. This challenged us as it left us with fewer options for our SYF performance. However, we still managed to secure the Accomplishment Award for our performance, thanks to the hard work of our members, coach and teachers. We are proud that the Club is able to work together as one. We certainly have high hopes for this CCA for the years to come.</em></p><p><strong>Parthasarathy Vaideghi Pavithran (3IN), President 2021-2022</strong> <br><em>Even though COVID-19 has presented many challenges, it was fun trying to host CCA online last year, a new way of learning that none of us was used to. We made it work, but we’re back to the usual face-to-face sessions and it feels much better. With the very limited time we had together, we prepared and did well for SYF. We shall strive to reach greater heights as a CCA!</em></p><p><strong>Khin Su Yi Lynn Latt Amanda, (1DP), Member 2021-</strong> <br><em>Despite facing many different challenges due to COVID-19 measurements, EDC continued to strive to make the Club safe and enjoyable for all its members. EDC is just not about acting, it is a place for us to step out of our comfort zone by expressing our feelings and thoughts with no judgments. I do hope to make more fun and memorable moments with my EDC members in the years to come!</em></p><h4>Training Schedule</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Tuesday 3:45pm - 5:45pm<br></p></li><li><p>Friday 2:30pm - 5:00pm</p></li></ul><p></p>